Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Diffuse interstitial opacities. Bony structures appear intact. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Aorta is calcified and tortuous, compatible with atherosclerotic disease. Since the prior study, there's been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. The right lung is clear. Interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. This may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate.
 Cardiomegaly. Left lung clear. Large right effusion. Compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
 Allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits.
Again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right XXXX fissure. There is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small effusion and/or pleural scarring. The lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. There is mild cardiomegaly. There are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine. Minimal XXXX atelectasis in the right midlung zone versus pleural scarring in the right XXXX fissure. Minimal blunting of the posterior right costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small pleural effusion and/or pleural scarring. Cardiomegaly. No XXXX abnormalities as compared to prior study of earlier the same XXXX
 Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence, worse in the right lung base. This has developed in the interval, and may represent atypical pneumonia. More focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. No lobar consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..
The lungs appear clear. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. There appears to the contrast XXXX within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region. No acute cardiopulmonary disease
Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. There is left-sided XXXX central line with a XXXX lumen. Poly vasculature is within normal limits. Mediastinum is normal. Bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. No pneumothorax. Left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. XXXX right effusion is also present. Cardiomegaly without overt edema.
Left PICC line and NG tube remain in XXXX. Heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present. No pneumothorax is noted. Small bilateral pleural effusions.
 No active disease.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes with XXXX XXXX atelectasis. The cardiac silhouette is unchanged. There is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Thoracic spondylosis is again seen. Low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Overall no significant interval change.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Deformity of the right clavicle related to remote XXXX is again seen. Visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The aortic XXXX is mildly tortuous. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes. Large body habitus. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart is upper limits of normal in size. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are stable fractures of several XXXX XXXX. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are seen in the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. Bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute disease.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most XXXX pneumonia. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Left upper lobe pneumonia.
Heart size near top normal limits for technique. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. No acute findings
There is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is a left-sided tunneled catheter, the distal tip at the mid superior XXXX XXXX level. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Remote left clavicle fracture. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
 Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax XXXX related to superimposed soft tissues. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute disease.
Sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. Both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Post operative chest with no acute disease.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease.
There is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. There is no evidence of aspiration. A 3.0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. No moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Retained contrast in the distal esophagus. Unchanged right hilar mass.
Normal heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Scattered granulomas. No lobar pneumonia. Probable XXXX post your recess effusions. Kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine. Probable XXXX posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. No lobar pneumonia.
Lungs appear clear. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease
Moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. Mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
 Increasing cardiomegaly. No effusions. Minimal interstitial edema.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
There is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and XXXX density on the frontal image. The lungs are clear. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Persistent cardiomegaly. Clear lungs.
Lungs are clear bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region, may represent calcified granulomas. There is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. XXXX are unremarkable. Round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. Recommend further evaluation of this nodule with chest CT with IV contrast.
 3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. This most XXXX due to old histoplasmosis. Heart size is normal. Lungs clear
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left XXXX XXXX. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
The heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. The XXXX are normal in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary finding.
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Normal chest x-XXXX.
There are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. The cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the XXXX of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis.
Status post midline sternotomy with intact XXXX XXXX. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Normal lung vascularity. The lungs are clear. Stable postop changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity.
 Left lung clear. Heart size normal. No change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis. No change right upper lobe cavitation.
Mild cardiomegaly. Hypoinflation of the lungs. Right basilar XXXX opacity may represent atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Sclerosis of the humeral XXXX bilateral, XXXX from prior AVN. Sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. Calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones. Right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. Stigmata of XXXX cell disease. Cholelithiasis.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Heart is normal in size. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute or destructive bone abnormality. Normal chest.
No acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal hilar vasculature. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
There is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. Severe slightly smaller than is compared to XXXX. There is a small left pleural effusion. This is unchanged as compared to the prior study. There is a right chest wall venous XXXX XXXX which appears accessed. No pneumothorax. Scaphoid abdomen. Moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. Small left pleural effusion appears unchanged.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease.
There has been previous aortic valve replacement. Heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. The skeletal structures are normal. The soft tissues are normal. Question mild pulmonary vascular congestion in a patient with prosthetic aortic valve.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. There is hiatal hernia. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. Vague opacity in the right midlung. Scattered calcified granulomas. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact. Vague opacity in the right midlung, this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. Bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses. The eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Findings of COPD with no acute changes.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
There is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region. Old granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
The postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips compatible with prior CABG. There is at XXXX one left-sided coronary artery stent. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute findings.
There is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. In addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is streaky XXXX opacity within the left lung base XXXX representing atelectasis. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. Core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture. In addition, focal lentiform hyperdensity along the XXXX aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. Left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs.
 Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
Minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. These XXXX't contours appear normal. There is a XXXX fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. This vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. The age of this fracture is unknown. There are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. There is a healed left clavicle fracture. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pulmonary nodules. A single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral XXXX fracture is present. Without a comparison study, the age of this fracture is unknown. Metastatic disease is possible, however given the nonsclerotic appearance, is not XXXX. Healed left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma is present in the right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. In the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. This was not present on the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. Ill-defined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. This may represent pleural based process. The exact XXXX is unclear. Followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..
Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. No active disease.
 Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. There is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart, XXXX normal heart size. Negative for consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease.
Lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. A few bandlike opacities are present which are XXXX to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Calcified granuloma is present in the left lung. No evidence of active disease.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No acute pulmonary abnormality.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
 Slight cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. No rib abnormalities are seen. The lower ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Aorta is tortuous. Right chest XXXX tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. The lungs are grossly clear. No pneumothorax is seen. There are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures. No acute disease.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. There is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax. Stable chest x-XXXX, without acute cardiopulmonary findings.
This is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Some blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX XXXX represent scarring or atelectasis. No large pneumothorax or effusion. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. Prominent right epicardial fat XXXX No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
There is mild cardiomegaly. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Bibasilar airspace disease, greater on the right, either atelectasis or infiltrate. Platelike right midlung atelectasis.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been a XXXX XXXX sternotomy. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion. There are XXXX spine marginal osteophytes. Stable chest. No acute disease process identified.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
 The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic XXXX. This is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. In addition, marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. Although the heart is not enlarged, this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. There is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. Some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic XXXX greater than right. A subtle infiltrate cannot be excluded. The osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated. There are XXXX streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. XXXX B-lines are also noted. Definite infiltrate is not excluded. There is no large effusion. Low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. Infiltrate is XXXX less XXXX but not entirely excluded. Mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. Stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. No acute pulmonary findings. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process.
 Heart upper limits normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions. No nodules masses or infiltrates. No bony abnormalities.
The heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. Aorta is somewhat tortuous. Degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base, may indicate focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Right lower lobe opacity may represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis. Low lung volumes.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Clear lungs.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality.
PA and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy XXXX and myocardial revascularization. Cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. There is mild vascular congestion. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are XXXX. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, with XXXX XXXX bilateral effusions. Constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure.
The cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. Findings are XXXX accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less XXXX, pericardial effusion is suspected. The lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Patient appears morbidly obese. Suspected cardiomegaly, less XXXX pericardial effusion. Prior comparison studies would be helpful. Low lung volumes. No evidence of focal airspace disease.
PA and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Old right-sided rib fracture is noted. Low lung volumes without acute infiltrate. Aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia.
The heart size is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities. Right lower lobe pneumonia.
 Heart size, mediastinal silhouette and vascularity normal. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Approximately 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity. Not XXXX showing benign type calcification, consider followup XXXX of the chest for characterization.
Right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No acute focal airspace opacification. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
 Heart size normal. Lungs clear. No edema or effusions.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Soft tissues are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Calcific aorta. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
 Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of metastasis. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease.
Chest. Lungs are clear and expanded. Heart normal. Left knee. No change marked narrowing, large osteophyte formation, multiple synovial osteochondromas. Chest. No active disease. Left knee. Advanced degenerative joint disease.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. There is calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No acute pulmonary disease.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance. No acute pulmonary disease.
Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. There is a 2.5 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung, probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. There is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted, with obscuration of aortic contour. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Right midlung and left basilar airspace densities. The most recent study is not available for comparison. Recommend further evaluation with XXXX.
Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic XXXX. There is a bullet fragment overlying the left T7 vertebra. Retained XXXX bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. Posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound.
Heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There is a posterior basilar XXXX opacity seen on lateral XXXX XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis, XXXX visualized on lateral view. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis of the spine. Posterior basilar XXXX opacity XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. No acute bony findings.
 No comparison chest x-XXXX XXXX lungs. Lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. No substantial mediastinal shift seen. Right lung grossly clear.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. A total of 3 images were obtained. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. There is XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified right infrahilar lymph XXXX again seen. Partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion XXXX. Lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No suspicious focal air space opacities. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. Prior granulomatous disease. Stable emphysematous lung changes. No acute abnormality seen.
 Heart size within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm elevation with XXXX XXXX density near the right costophrenic XXXX most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Lungs are clear. Heart is normal size. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. One AP view is expiratory and was repeated. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No acute pulmonary disease.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. Again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable bullous emphysematous changes.
Cardiac And Mediastinal Contours Are Unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable. There are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Evidence of chronic granulomatous disease. Clear lungs.
 Worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most XXXX due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. Superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. Negative for pneumothorax. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. Left upper extremity PICC terminates in the lower SVC.
There is a XXXX moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. XXXX airspace opacity at the superior segment of the right lower lobe. No visualized pneumothorax. The right lateral heart XXXX is obscured. The left lung is clear without focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. XXXX airspace disease within the superior segment of the right lower lobe with moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level. Follow up to resolution or cross sectional imaging of the chest recommended to rule out malignancy.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Low lung volumes, otherwise clear.
The patient is rotated to left. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. XXXX lucency along the left ventricular XXXX XXXX related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. Patchy right perihilar/upper lobe opacities, which abut the XXXX fissure on lateral projection. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. No definite acute bone abnormality. Right upper lobe pneumonia. Consideration may be given for followup chest x-XXXX, following appropriate therapy.
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Stable mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures intact. Right humeral head bone anchor. Stable mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
 There is a near spherical XXXX shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant, apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver, measuring approximately 6 cm in diameter. This may represent a calcified hepatic cyst. Could be further evaluated with CT if clinically indicated. Slight elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation. Overall clear lungs. Normal mediastinal contour. No effusions.
 Borderline heart size. Aortic atherosclerosis. Small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. Right-sided central catheter tip low SVC. NG tube has been removed. There is mild XXXX-distention of this stomach.
Chest. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Abdomen. No pneumoperitoneum. There is a normal bowel XXXX pattern. Air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. No abnormally dilated small bowel loops. No evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. No pathologic calcifications XXXX over the abdomen or pelvis. XXXX XXXX are without fracture or destructive lesion, though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. Small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam. Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Abdomen. No acute intra-abdominal process. Negative for obstruction.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX are present. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease.
Lung volumes remain low. No infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.
Stable calcified hilar XXXX and granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
There is mild XXXX opacification over both XXXX, XXXX secondary to soft tissue attenuation. There are no focal air space opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No free subdiaphragmatic air. No acute pulmonary disease.
Chronic-appearing XXXX opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal airspace opacities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings
Compared to prior examination, XXXX stent has been removed. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. Stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are noted. There are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. No acute bony abnormality seen. Interval removal of XXXX stent without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX are demonstrated. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. Clear lungs There are no large pleural effusions No evidence of displaced fractures. No evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. Clear lungs.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. There is minimal left basilar XXXX opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There are degenerative changes of the spine. 1 cm of apical opacity, scarring versus nodule. A noncontrast XXXX is indicated for further characterization. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.
Normal heart size. Clear, hyperaerated lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. XXXX substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Heart size borderline enlarged. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process. Borderline heart size, no acute pulmonary findings
Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
 Slightly hyperinflated appearing but clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen. No active disease.
This is an apical lordotic view the chest. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process
 The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Very mild S-shaped curvature of the thoracic spine. No displaced, acute fractures are identified.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The right lung is clear. There is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion.
 Low lung volumes. Cardiomegaly. Minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate.
Patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. No significant effusion. Clear right lung. Normal heart size. Granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. Right chest XXXX tip at SVC. Patchy airspace disease in the lingula without evidence of effusion. Pneumonia is in the differential. A followup exam in 4 to 6 weeks should be considered to ensure resolution of this process.
Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and CABG markers. Stable XXXX densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings
The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly intact. Interval removal of right PICC. Persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is anterior fusion XXXX at the cervicothoracic junction. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
 Widened upper mediastinal silhouette. May represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. However, the setting of XXXX, upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded. Depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. Mild cardiomegaly appears stable. No edema. No layering pleural effusions, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
Lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. And scattered calcified granulomas. Left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. No pleural effusion. Basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The heart size is moderately enlarged. There is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are grossly intact. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine. Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. There is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. There is tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. No consolidative airspace opacities. Blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. No demonstrable pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. Multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine. Small left basilar parenchymal scarring and/or effusion. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. Otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. Stable calcified granulomas. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. No acute osseous abnormality identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms, compatible with emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Emphysema. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart is normal in size. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. The mediastinum is stable. There is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest, XXXX patient's known large breast mass. The appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. The lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise XXXX. There is no pleural effusion. Redemonstration of right chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No acute pulmonary abnormality.
Limited exam as the left costophrenic XXXX is excluded from the PA view. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Mild lung hyperinflation. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. No visible acute fracture. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Mild hyperinflation.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.
 Pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. Again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. Overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. Right lung stable and grossly clear. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Small bilateral pleural effusions are seen. Small bilateral pleural effusions.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX. Low lung volumes, otherwise clear.
The lung volumes are low. However as compared to the prior study, there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. Stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal XXXX. The tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position. Low lung volumes with slightly increased perihilar opacities bilaterally, XXXX infectious etiology.
Compared to prior examination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. Currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. No large focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or definite pleural effusions identified. The mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above.
Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. Negative for pneumothorax. Negative for focal air space consolidation. Some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases XXXX relates to subsegmental atelectasis. No acute cardiothoracic process.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or large effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size slightly enlarged. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mild cardiomegaly, stable.
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Old right rib fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Stable obscuration of the left cardiac XXXX, XXXX representing left pleural thickening. Stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. The lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. XXXX are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No evidence of tuberculosis.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. No acute disease.
No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is stable enlargement of the heart. No focus of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
 Persistent but decreasing basilar infiltrates atelectasis. Possible small effusions. Sternotomy. Heart size normal. Left IJ catheter tip mid SVC
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. No acute or XXXX pulmonary abnormality.
There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX XXXX are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Chest radiograph. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. Heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs.
 Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. Lungs are clear, hyperinflated. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Heart size within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute cardiopulmonary findings
Enlarged cardiac contour, stable. Calcified vasculature. Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. No confluent consolidation, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema. Mild thoracic spondylosis. No acute findings. Stable cardiac enlargement.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. No significant hilar process to suggest adenopathy. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. No active disease.
Heart size is upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base, XXXX secondary to a skin fold. No acute bony findings. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. The lungs remain grossly clear, aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Density in the left upper lung on PA XXXX XXXX represents superimposed bony and vascular structures. There is calcification of the first rib costicartilage junction which XXXX contributes to this appearance. The lungs otherwise appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. In the pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contour is normal. There are degenerative changes of thoracic spine. There is an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall with intact distal leads in the right heart. Irregular density in the left upper lung on PA XXXX, XXXX artifact related to superimposed vascular bony structures. Chest fluoroscopy or XXXX would confirm this Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Heart size within normal limits. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. The lungs are otherwise clear. Small right upper lobe nodule, stable. Otherwise, no acute disease.
The heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Hiatal hernia.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Sternotomy XXXX overlie the heart. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, XXXX XXXX effusions. Minimal patchy bibasilar opacities, XXXX evolving pneumonia or atelectasis XXXX bilateral pleural effusions
Normal heart size. Stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. No focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild emphysematous changes are noted. Bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. Calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. The XXXX are generally unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
A right-sided chest XXXX remains in XXXX with the distal tip at the level of the mid SVC. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Right-sided chest XXXX in XXXX without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The lung volumes are low. There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Stable chest.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly intact. Degenerative T-spine osteophytes. No acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. A dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process. Heart size within normal limits, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Low lung volumes with no definite acute findings.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to XXXX. No acute cardiopulmonary disease
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, unchanged No acute pulmonary abnormality.
 Calcified granuloma periphery left lung. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. Hyperexpanded lungs. XXXX right perihilar/midlung density. Streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. Left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. Grossly similar midthoracic vertebral XXXX fracture. No focal air space consolidation. Nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. XXXX chest may provide further evaluation, if warranted.
Single view of chest was obtained in AP projection. Limited study secondary to body habitus. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No acute pulmonary disease.
 Slight cardiomegaly. Clear lungs.
PA and lateral views were obtained. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. A 5 mm stable right apical nodule. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. XXXX scoliosis is unchanged. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or significant interval change.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is persistent stable appearing right apical scarring. There is persistent left basilar scarring. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. Chronic lung disease without superimposed acute disease identified.
 13 - 14 mm ring-shaped opacity with central lucency, seen with certainty on PA view only, projects over right midlung. Uncertain if this represent something within the lung or external to the patient. There is also a 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level of AP XXXX. These findings could be further evaluated XXXX if clinically indicated. No acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour normal limits. No effusions.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
The lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. There is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and XXXX the left anterior 6th rib, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with XXXX tenderness. There is mild XXXX atelectasis in the left lung base. There is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib, XXXX remote fracture. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Suspected fractures of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with XXXX tenderness. Low lung volumes with mild basilar atelectasis, left greater than right.
Lungs are clear. A calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Stable appearance of the left axillary XXXX. No pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. Stable appearance of the left-sided XXXX without acute complicating features.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild hyperinflation is noted. There are granulomatous sequela. No acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. The costophrenic XXXX are excluded. No acute disease.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease.
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scattered XXXX of left base atelectasis are noted. Left XXXX-a-XXXX is in XXXX with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction. XXXX of left base atelectasis. Otherwise, clear.
Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. There is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. Lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact. Chondral cartilages causing XXXX over the anterior lungs on lateral view. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Chest. A minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib The small amount of pleural fluid is XXXX deep to the fracture. No pleural air collection. Both lungs clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Note XXXX of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Right shoulder. XXXX, soft tissues, and alignment are normal. Right humerus. XXXX and soft tissues are intact. Chest. Right 4th rib fracture. No cardiopulmonary injury. No pleural air collection. Right shoulder negative. Right humerus negative.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There is no obvious displaced rib fracture. If there is concern for fracture consider rib series. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most XXXX a calcified granuloma. Lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. Specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures show no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No active pulmonary disease.
CHEST. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. There is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. ABDOMEN. There is a normal bowel XXXX pattern. There is an IVC XXXX identified. There are phleboliths in pelvis. There mild degenerative changes of the spine. CHEST. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. ABDOMEN. Normal bowel XXXX pattern.
The heart size is within normal limits. Mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. An accessory azygos fissure is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild streaky left basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated.. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Lungs are relatively clear. Heart size normal. Unfolded aorta. Moderate hiatal hernia. T-spine osteophytes and DISH. Moderate hiatal hernia. No definite pneumonia.
 Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No adenopathy or effusion. Stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior XXXX of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies, seen on the lateral radiograph only. This most XXXX represents overlying degenerative spurring XXXX than metastasis.
The heart is normal in size. Mild fullness of the left hilum, small interval change from prior exam. Lucencies throughout the chest XXXX representing emphysematous change. Scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax. Large hiatal hernia, increased from prior exam. Increased left hilar fullness. This may represent superimposed XXXX, adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam. If there is clinical concern, suggest reference to prior exam or CT chest. Large hiatal hernia, increased in size from prior exam.
The cardiac contours are normal. Mild atherosclerosis. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute preoperative findings.
Low lung volumes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left subclavian central catheter tip in distal SVC. No pneumothorax. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
 Heart size normal. Central catheter tip in upper SVC. Lungs are clear. Degenerative spur overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral bodies.
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly, but no focal consolidation.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Acromioclavicular arthritis is present, XXXX severe. No acute preoperative findings.
There are broken 1st and 3rd-5XXXX XXXX XXXX. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. Left-sided aortic XXXX. Central airways are XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. Interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant. No acute pulmonary findings.
There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable left lower lobe scarring. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
There are scattered XXXX opacities in the left lower lobe. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There is prominence of the right and left hilum XXXX representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. Left lower lobe opacities XXXX representing pneumonia. Enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact. There are calcified right hilar granulomas. There is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Two views of chest was obtained in AP projection. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is evidence of CABG. Left lower lobe airspace disease suspicious for pneumonia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. Aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Partially visualized ORIF XXXX involving the left proximal humerus. Deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote XXXX. No displaced rib fractures on this chest examination. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. Normal pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are clear. No visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Mild degenerative changes of the spine. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. No evidence of active disease.
 Chest. No active disease. Right shoulder. Healing scapular fracture.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
 Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.
 heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX.
The lungs are without focal air space opacity. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. There is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. Heart is XXXX within normal limits for low lung volumes and AP technique. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Low lung volume exam. Otherwise, no acute findings.
 Concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. This can be further characterized with a XXXX of the chest. No confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Acromioclavicular joint degenerative change. There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
There are T-spine osteophytes. Small nodule projecting near the left heart XXXX is unchanged from XXXX and appears calcified. This XXXX represents a calcified granuloma. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Emphysematous changes of the lungs.
Lumbar and are low. No infiltrates. Heart size normal. A large hiatal hernia is present. An age-indeterminate XXXX fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. Scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild XXXX XXXX curvature thoracolumbar junction. No active pulmonary disease.
Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. Lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. Diaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. Right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX.
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute abnormality.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes within the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Left lower lobe infiltrate.
 No comparison chest x-XXXX Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There are scattered nodular opacities, XXXX calcified granulomas. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Probable previous granulomatous disease.
One XXXX are low. Both costophrenic XXXX are blunted. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. No visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs. Bilateral large pleural effusion, possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. Increased interstitial opacities.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion.
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Tracheostomy tube. Probable mild cardiomegaly. Prominence of the central vasculature, unchanged. No pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Prominent central vasculature.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Lung volumes remain low. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity XXXX demonstrated on the lateral study. There is a fracture of superior sternotomy XXXX unchanged. Possible right lower lobe pneumonia. Cardiomegaly
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. XXXX XXXX are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lower cervical degenerative arthritis. No acute findings.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings
