There is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. 1 cm nodule within the lung base, seen only on the lateral view. Consider imaging correlation with XXXX abdomen study, if available.
The outside x-XXXX is normal except for slight cardiomegaly. Heart size upper limits normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of active tuberculosis. No change from prior exam.
 Stable left lower lung XXXX calcified granuloma. Otherwise lungs are clear. Left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node, unchanged. No XXXX of the pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. No XXXX of active tuberculosis.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..
Sternotomy XXXX mediastinal clips noted. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is XXXX deformity of T6, XXXX since X-XXXX thoracic spine XXXX, XXXX. Mild XXXX deformity of T12, stable. Prior cholecystectomy. No definite evidence of metastatic disease. Age-indeterminate XXXX deformity of T6, XXXX since study dated XXXX, XXXX.
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules identified. No acute abnormality. No pulmonary nodule identified.
Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX XXXX are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative.
 Heart size upper limits of normal. The infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally, which XXXX represents XXXX appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airway/bronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs.. No airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. No effusions or edema. Mediastinal contour unremarkable.
Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules. Bony structures are intact. Negative for acute abnormality.
 Heart size normal and lungs clear.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
 Extensive postop changes right upper chest wall. Air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet, XXXX within the pleural space. Some mild right pleural thickening versus XXXX effusion. No acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour stable.
 The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
 Heart size normal and lungs are clear. No edema or pneumonia. No effusion
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute findings.
 Low lung volumes Lungs appear clear Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal Pleural spaces are clear
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is a XXXX opacity in the left lingula. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Low lung volumes. Opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat, but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. There is no focal consolidation. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. Prior anterior cervical fusion. Emphysema without superimposed pneumonia.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest.
Left PICC line remains in XXXX. The tip projects over the upper SVC. It has moved outward since the previous study. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. Some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. Degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder. Blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX. This may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction. Clearing of left base airspace disease. Outward XXXX of PICC line. Tip now projects over upper SVC.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There is again significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis. The aorta is atherosclerotic. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. Hypoinflation without acute disease.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Healed left rib fractures again noted. No acute findings
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Heart size upper limit of normal. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Cardiomegaly is noted. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. There is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification. Stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. Right chest wall surgical XXXX have been removed. There is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual XXXX opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis. Mild XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with residual atelectasis/scarring.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
 Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. Calcified aortic XXXX.
 AP lateral view soft tissue neck. No subglottic edema or prevertebral soft tissue XXXX. Slight rotation of the patient's head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is XXXX normal in size and caliber. PA and lateral views of the chest. No acute pulmonary findings.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. Strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine. Low volume study without definite acute process.
The heart is upper limits of normal in size. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX. Mild lung hyperexpansion, otherwise clear.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
3 images. Heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There are costochondral calcifications. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old left clavicle fracture noted. No acute abnormality identified.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute cardiopulmonary findings
Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Chest. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Pelvis. There are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. Nonobstructive bowel XXXX pattern. No pathologic calcifications. Hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. Sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. No fractures or dislocations. Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Pelvis. No acute osseous findings.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
 Clear lungs. No discrete adenopathy or significant scarring. No active pulmonary disease.
 Patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. 7 mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most XXXX represents patient's nipple recommend nipple XXXX films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. Patient being recalled from the XXXX room for the nipple XXXX film
Lungs are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the left lung base. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal. Findings of COPD and left base focal atelectasis.
 Heart size is normal. Mediastinal width is within normal limits for supine AP technique. No edema. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right hilar and right lung base calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. There is a very mild anterior wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebrae, possibly T7, age-indeterminate. Correlate for midthoracic tenderness. No displaced, acute rib fractures are identified.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Aortic calcifications and tortuosity. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. There is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
 Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Anticipated senescent findings with grossly clear lungs and stable/unremarkable mediastinal contour. No effusions. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. No destructive bony lesions are seen.
Heart size upper limits of normal but stable. Tortuous aorta. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
 No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
 No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact. Calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen XXXX consistent with gallstone. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. There are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. There degenerative changes of the spine. There is an IVC XXXX identified. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. There is minimal left basilar atelectasis. There are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung XXXX. These are not well appreciated on the lateral projection. No focal pulmonary consolidation or effusion. Minimal left basilar atelectasis. Bilateral pulmonary nodules. These were not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection, but could represent neoplastic process. Correlation with history of primary malignancy is recommended. Further evaluation XXXX of the thorax could be performed, if clinically indicated.
There are mildly diminished lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The lungs are clear. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear and mediastinal contours are normal. Nodular density overlying the anterior left 4th rib XXXX represents a healing rib fracture. No acute cardiopulmonary disease
Similar mild cardiomegaly. Of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. No focal consolidations or effusions. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Mild cardiomegaly with XXXX of early failure.
There are prominent epicardial fat pads, unchanged from prior. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There is atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
 Calcific density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung, seen well on PA view only. This may represent residua of a healed rib fracture, possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion, or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. This could be followed up in 6 months to confirm stability. Azygos fissure incidentally noted. Lungs overall well expanded and clear. Mediastinal contour in normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
There are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, XXXX seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No overt pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. Few small nodular opacities in the left upper lung. These small nodules are relatively dense, suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease. Comparison with an XXXX chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability.
 Mild hyperinflation, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Stable cardiomegaly. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. There is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. No consolidating airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.
 Low lung volumes Exam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm Lungs appear grossly clear. No evidence of pneumonia. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal Pleural spaces are clear Mediastinal contours appear normal No acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bilateral basilar XXXX opacity compatible with atelectasis. There are somewhat low lung volumes. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node. Bibasilar atelectasis.
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. No evidence of active disease.
Calcified left hilar lymph node. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized XXXX are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Numerous bilateral rib deformities. No focal airspace disease. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or effusion. Large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine. Emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings.
There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease.
Heart is mildly heart enlarged. Mediastinal contour normal. There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence suggestive of edema. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the the spine. Findings consistent with mild congestive heart failure.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. There is retrocardiac density which XXXX corresponds to patient's known hiatal hernia. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation is seen. No acute disease. Retrocardiac density XXXX corresponding to known hiatal hernia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. There are small T-spine osteophytes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Feeding tube noted with tip XXXX distal to the gastroesophageal junction. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Feeding tube tip XXXX distal to the gastroesophageal junction.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No acute pulmonary disease.
 Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
Hyperexpanded lungs. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease.
There is stable cardiomegaly. Aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are multiple pleural calcifications XXXX representing prior asbestos exposure. These appear unchanged. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or XXXX focal airspace consolidation. Cardiomegaly and findings of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. Changes of prior CABG again noted. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis and/or scar. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. Redemonstrated severe L1 XXXX fracture. Slight interval increase in XXXX loss of T11 and there is XXXX mild to moderate anterior XXXX loss of T1Degenerative changes of the spine. Abdominal aortic stent. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Mild to moderate T10 vertebral body anterior XXXX deformity, XXXX from XXXX. Slight interval increase in XXXX loss of T1Unchanged severe L1 XXXX deformity. If further imaging characterization is needed, recommend MRI. Findings will be conveyed to the ordering physician XXXX the Primordial communication XXXX.
Pacemaker generator overlying the left chest in stable position with 2 leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle in stable position. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Minimal fluid within the right horizontal fissure. Stable pacemaker generator within the left chest with 2 distal leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle, also in stable position. No pneumothorax.
Heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
 Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease.
Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. There is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX represents pleural thickening and scarring. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions, XXXX focal atelectasis and scarring.
 XXXX interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of XXXX. No pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues. No active disease.
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Mild basilar atelectasis. Increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute osseous abnormality. Stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear. Borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Note XXXX of placement of a retention XXXX in the lower cervical spine. No active disease.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
 The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. The lungs appear to be clear of any focal infiltrates. Osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. No pneumothorax is seen. No free air is appreciated beneath hemidiaphragms.
There is a stable closure device projected over the heart. The heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. There is stable XXXX scarring of left mid lung. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no infiltrate, effusion, mass or pneumothorax. Stable appearance of the chest
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are persistent XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. No XXXX focal infiltrate is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No acute findings. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Emphysema.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. Otherwise, the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Right central venous line has been removed. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. XXXX opacities at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX atelectasis.
 No pneumothorax. Pacemaker defibrillator tips in the right atrium, right ventricle and a coronary vein. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear.
No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. Anterior cervical fusion XXXX. Tortuous and ectatic aorta. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Surgical clips are present in the abdomen. No evidence of active disease.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality. There are XXXX XXXX opacities, atelectasis versus airspace disease. No large effusion or pneumothorax. XXXX XXXX atelectasis/airspace disease.
There is mild cardiomegaly. The aorta is tortuous. There is XXXX opacities noted in the right lower lobe, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No displaced rib fractures. If there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation. Mild cardiomegaly, with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe.
Spinal stimulator in XXXX. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Clear lungs.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable calcified granulomas. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
 Heart size moderately enlarged for technique, aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. XXXX anchors XXXX over the left humeral head. There is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a slight XXXX deformity of the lower thoracic body which is age-indeterminate. Age-indeterminate lower thoracic slight XXXX deformity otherwise negative exam.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
 Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right rib.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
 Mild hyperinflation. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic ectasia/tortuosity similar to prior. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
 Heart size is normal. Slightly tortuous aorta. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. No adenopathy or fibrosis.
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No evidence of acute osseous abnormality. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to XXXX scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX indeterminant small nodular opacities. May be granulomas or bone islands. However, XXXX is recommended given the history of malignancy. Otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified.
Left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Left mid lung opacity noted, most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. Recommend clinical correlation.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an age-indeterminate, mild wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2., Mild, age-indeterminate wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.
Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Irregular 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on PA and lateral views and XXXX represents chronic scarring. She has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate. Anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including T6, T8, T11 and T12. XXXX scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No acute findings.
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX suggesting prior granulomatous disease. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. Bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. Bibasilar bandlike opacities. The appearance XXXX atelectasis/scar.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No acute pulmonary abnormality.
Both lungs remain clear and expanded. No focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections. Heart and aorta are normal. No change in the large hiatus hernia. Pelvis. Bone density is decreased. Hips are normal and symmetric. No fractures, dislocations, or bone destruction. Note XXXX of a severe rotatory dextroscoliosis in the lumbar spine. Chest. No change no active cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. Pelvis and hips negative for recent bony injury.
The lungs appear clear. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. The pleural spaces are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Exam limited by patient rotation. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea. Stable cardiomegaly. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. There is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder. Right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. No definite findings of pneumonia.
 Chest. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Left hip. Advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis.
The heart is mildly enlarged. Lung volumes are low. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. There is no free air under the diaphragm. There is a mild amount of XXXX seen in the transverse colon. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left. No acute pulmonary disease.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. Stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bony thorax intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
There are low lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Small 3.3 mm right-sided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. Left lung is clear. Normal cardiac contour. No evidence of pleural effusion. Small 3.3 mm right-sided pneumothorax.
 Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Stable 5 mm right midlung perform granuloma
Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. XXXX calcified granuloma seen. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No acute pulmonary disease.
There is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. The lungs are chronically hypoinflated. There is XXXX visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. Overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from XXXX. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Markedly limited exam, without significant interval change from XXXX.
Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic XXXX. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.
Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for AP technique. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are no acute bony findings. Mildly hypoinflated, grossly clear lungs.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given AP projection. The right lung appears clear. There is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a partially visualized IVC XXXX on the lateral view. There are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure. Minimal patchy left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No evidence of active pulmonary pneumonia on today's exam.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Emphysema and atherosclerosis.
There is flattening of hemidiaphragms. There are prominent interstitial markings. There is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. The heart is of the first limits of normal size. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting COPD. Borderline enlarged heart. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The lungs appear clear. Scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. No acute cardiopulmonary disease
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Prior granulomatous disease appears stable. Stable exam without acute abnormality.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. There is no pleural effusion. No acute disease.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. XXXX XXXX opacities in the lung bases. There are XXXX fragments overlying the posterior left chest, right neck base and XXXX fragments in the left costophrenic XXXX. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. XXXX bullet fragments, as described above. No evidence of acute parenchymal abnormality.
The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No radiographic evidence of metastatic disease in the chest.
Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes. There is no focal opacities. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right base calcified granuloma. Stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). Negative for acute bone abnormality. Borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure.
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Normal chest radiograph.
XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact and unchanged position from prior exam. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable. Unremarkable examination of the chest..
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest.
 Chest: Three total images. The heart size is within normal limits. Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. No abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an S-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear XXXX deformity identified. Left shoulder: There is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width. Glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. There is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator XXXX pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head XXXX reflecting calcific tendinitis.
 Left PICC in the mid SVC. Negative for pneumothorax. Unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. Increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. Stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle.
 Normal heart size. No XXXX of pleural effusions. There appears to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs. Similar changes appear to have been present XXXX scan focused on the abdomen XXXX. For more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider XXXX with high resolution technique. There are no XXXX of acute airspace disease. No lung masses visualized. Visualized bony structures have normal appearance.
 Lungs are clear. No parenchymal infiltrates. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pneumoperitoneum. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No evidence of active or changes from chronic tuberculosis infection.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic XXXX. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Mild cardiomegaly, atherosclerotic disease.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. XXXX sternotomy XXXX noted. Inferior sternotomy XXXX is disrupted. No acute pulmonary abnormality.
Heart size is normal. Prior calcified granulomatous disease. On the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic XXXX, there is a 2.1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged. 2.1 cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic XXXX on the lateral view, which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule. Recommend followup with chest CT.
Normal heart size. Prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with ectasia. Normal mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. No pneumothorax. Mildly hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. The stomach contour normal. There is right hemidiaphragm elevation. Lungs are clear. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Right hemidiaphragm elevation. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Heart size and vascularity are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Degenerative change of the spine. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. Both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
There is XXXX opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX opacity left lung base..
No acute osseous abnormality. The soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
 No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. No focal air space consolidation. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. Visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine. Unremarkable chest radiograph. Unchanged degenerative joint disease of the thoracic spine.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury. No acute findings
 Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusions seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
 Heart size is normal. Bilateral upper lobe XXXX, fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams.
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal chest exam.
Trachea is midline. Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal chest exam.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. Stable prominent ovoid opacity (4.3 x 2.8 XXXX) XXXX a large left upper lobe XXXX, XXXX reflecting a superimposed aspergilloma-as more readily demonstrated on the previous CT chest study from XXXX. No XXXX areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. Stable suspected superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma - as more readily demonstrated on the previous CT chest study from XXXX.
In the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. In addition, on the PA view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left XXXX of the heart. This opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. It may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. Mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. Heart size normal. Note XXXX of an unchanged hiatal hernia. XXXX right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. CT of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation.
 No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Interval placement of right humeral prosthesis, incompletely evaluated. Incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion XXXX. XXXX cholecystectomy. Interval placement of right humeral orthopedic XXXX, incompletely evaluated. If attention is desired to this area, consider dedicated shoulder x-XXXX.
Minimal XXXX opacities at the posterior sulci. A few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. Otherwise, The lungs are clear with granulomas and XXXX sulci. Heart size upper normal thin LV contour.Unfolded calcified aorta. T-spine small osteophytes. No pneumothorax. Similar appearance.
Low lung volumes. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Patchy opacities right base again noted. Left lung clear. Heart size top normal. Aortic calcification. Granulomas. No evidence of pneumothorax. Blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Right lower lobe airspace disease.
 Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. A few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. Otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
 Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified stable right midlung granulomas.
 Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.
 Heart size normal. Over expanded lungs. Aortic valve prosthesis. Calcified right hilar lymph node. Stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. The patient has XXXX right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old CT scans. From XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Right suprahilar calcified lymph XXXX. Right lung base calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Prior granulomatous disease. Negative for acute abnormality.
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures are unremarkable. Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. Otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung XXXX
Previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatory/infectious process. Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable. Emphysematous changes. Resolution of prior right midlung infiltrate.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Arthritic changes of the spine are present. No active disease.
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings
Stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. Volume loss in the left lung, stable. Right lung is clear. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild scarring at the right apex. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the left upper lobe.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is aortic XXXX vascular calcification. And there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. There are vascular and skeletal senescent changes. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
 Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Hyperinflated lungs with XXXX left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. Right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show arthritic changes. No acute pulmonary disease.
Normal heart size. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No focal bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. Frontal view is lordotic in projection. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute thoracic XXXX. XXXX chest radiograph is recommended if XXXX is not XXXX.
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal contour. No pneumothorax, airspace consolidation, or pleural effusion. No chest XXXX XXXX. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiothoracic abnormality.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. The study is somewhat limited. No focal consolidation is seen. No acute disease.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. There are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary finding.
 The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with no significant airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. Limited low lung volume exam. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal airspace opacity. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. There is XXXX deformity of the T9 vertebral body. Levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Scoliotic curvature of the spine with XXXX deformity of the T9 vertebral body.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings.
There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is a right lower lobe pneumonia. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Right lower lobe pneumonia. Consider followup radiograph to document resolution.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
